README.md, before:

# AddLive OS X SDK Tutorials

This repository contains several objectve-C project showcasing the basics
of the AddLive OS X SDK functionality.

For more details please refer to AddLive home page: http://www.addlive.com.

## Tutorial 1 - platform init

This tutorial covers platform initialization and calling service methods.

The sample application showcasing the functionality simply loads the SDK, calls 
the getVersion method and displays the version string in a label.

## Tutorial 2 - Devices handling

This tutorial covers devices handling, local preview control and rendering.

The sample application implemented, initializes the platform, sets up camera
devices, starts local video and renders it using ALVideoView components 
provided.

## Tutorial 3 - Rendering

The sample application provides a brief overview of how the AddLive platform
displays video feed. In the tutorial, there is a single renderer employed
and a widget allowing one to change the camera settings.

## License

All code examples provided within this repository are available under the
MIT-License. For more details, please refer to the LICENSE.md

Commit message:

README.md updated - added description of the Tutorial 4

README.md, after:

# AddLive OS X SDK Tutorials

This repository contains several objectve-C project showcasing the basics
of the AddLive OS X SDK functionality.

For more details please refer to AddLive home page: http://www.addlive.com.

## Tutorial 1 - platform init

This tutorial covers platform initialization and calling service methods.

The sample application showcasing the functionality simply loads the SDK, calls 
the getVersion method and displays the version string in a label.

## Tutorial 2 - Devices handling

This tutorial covers devices handling, local preview control and rendering.

The sample application implemented, initializes the platform, sets up camera
devices, starts local video and renders it using ALVideoView components 
provided.

## Tutorial 3 - Rendering

The sample application provides a brief overview of how the AddLive platform
displays video feed. In the tutorial, there is a single renderer employed
and a widget allowing one to change the camera settings.

## Tutorial 4 - Basic connectivity

This example cover the core of the AddLive functionality - connectivity to the
media scope.

The example applicaiton provides a functionality of a one-to-one video
chat room.

## License

All code examples provided within this repository are available under the
MIT-License. For more details, please refer to the LICENSE.md
